2018-01-31T17:38:42 #rust-content <logbot> channel logging requested by booyaa[: https://mozilla.logbot.info/rust-content
2018-02-02T15:45:20 #rust-content <badboy> finally getting around to read the doc
2018-02-06T18:17:55 #rust-content <booyaa[> whoops
2018-02-06T18:18:08 #rust-content <booyaa[> i'll try that again
2018-02-13T17:09:17 #rust-content <badboy> booyaa[: won't make it
2018-02-13T17:29:39 #rust-content <booyaa[> skade: Manishearth can you make the meeting?
2018-02-13T17:30:06 #rust-content <skade> booyaa[: is it now?
2018-02-13T17:30:09 #rust-content <booyaa[> yes
2018-02-13T17:30:11 #rust-content <skade> oh, sorry
2018-02-13T17:30:15 #rust-content <skade> yes, I can make it
2018-02-13T17:30:26 #rust-content <booyaa[> yeah need to find out why the bot didn't trigger an hour ago
2018-02-13T17:30:57 #rust-content <booyaa[> hopefully a quick meeting here's the agenda: https://github.com/rust-community/content-team/issues/6
2018-02-13T17:32:17 #rust-content <booyaa[> housekeeping: we've got a repo (as have the other teams). mostly for tracking issues, for now does anyone mind if we keep any docs that we reference in the read me?
2018-02-13T17:33:39 #rust-content <booyaa[> okay can i read that as consent?
2018-02-13T17:34:49 #rust-content <skade> I find that oky
2018-02-13T17:35:11 #rust-content <booyaa[> also i'm trying an experiment using the team discussions as an alternative meeting place for people who can't irc at work. https://github.com/orgs/rust-community/teams/content-team/discussions/3
2018-02-13T17:35:33 #rust-content <skade> I found it surprising that I don't seem to get proper notifications for them.
2018-02-13T17:35:46 #rust-content <skade> For some weird reason, I seem to miss out.
2018-02-13T17:36:15 #rust-content <booyaa[> ah that could be a problem
2018-02-13T17:36:36 #rust-content <skade> Let's keep it and let investigate if they are just not noisy enough :)
2018-02-13T17:36:51 #rust-content <booyaa[> cool
2018-02-13T17:36:55 #rust-content <skade> in the meantime, please ping me if you think there's something of interested, just to make sure
2018-02-13T17:37:00 #rust-content <booyaa[> will do
2018-02-13T17:37:23 #rust-content <booyaa[> i'll try to announce the team thread at the same time as the agenda (did mine a bit too early this time)
2018-02-13T17:37:56 #rust-content <booyaa[> Manishearth: mention meeting formats, any thoughts? at the moment i'm just adopting our main community team meeting style
2018-02-13T17:38:10 #rust-content <booyaa[> agenda driven status reports
2018-02-13T17:38:56 #rust-content <Manishearth> booyaa[: yo
2018-02-13T17:39:01 #rust-content <booyaa[> o/
2018-02-13T17:39:32 #rust-content <Manishearth> no status to report
2018-02-13T17:39:58 #rust-content <booyaa[> misunderstanding, just discussing the meeting formats and should we try others.
2018-02-13T17:40:24 #rust-content <booyaa[> i was citing our default at the moment is like our main community style
2018-02-13T17:41:55 #rust-content <booyaa[> should we continue to use the current meeting format then?
2018-02-13T17:42:09 #rust-content <skade> I would continue using it
2018-02-13T17:42:31 #rust-content <skade> we can also discuss a new one, but we can use the forums for that
2018-02-13T17:42:59 #rust-content <booyaa[> forums? as in urlo or github team discussions?
2018-02-13T17:43:04 #rust-content <skade> github discussions
2018-02-13T17:43:08 #rust-content <booyaa[> gotcha
2018-02-13T17:43:34 #rust-content <booyaa[> got my bulletpoints messed, but this isn't part of house keeping. Tracking our resources
2018-02-13T17:43:51 #rust-content <booyaa[> so i know of the youtube channel, and there's a medium channel too?
2018-02-13T17:44:22 #rust-content <booyaa[> can we start a google doc to track which channels we have and who is the admin atm?
2018-02-13T17:45:46 #rust-content <skade> there's a medium channel, but it isn't used
2018-02-13T17:46:20 #rust-content <booyaa[> also we have our community.rs blog, from what i understand herald is going to be retired soon skade?
2018-02-13T17:46:24 #rust-content <skade> it needs manuall work on every post, so we'd need some time to try it out and requires a decision whether we should import olsd stuff
2018-02-13T17:46:40 #rust-content <skade> well, who's using the herald beyond you and ralf? :D
2018-02-13T17:47:34 #rust-content <booyaa[> prolly needs a bit more promoting, kinda nice because it's a self service place to publish. it's got a fairly decent reach as well
2018-02-13T17:48:04 #rust-content <skade> does it?
2018-02-13T17:48:16 #rust-content <booyaa[> is the rustvideos our twitter account, i seem to recall it tweets every time a new video is added
2018-02-13T17:48:48 #rust-content <booyaa[> 248 followers, could be a lot worse (rust herald)
2018-02-13T17:49:11 #rust-content <booyaa[> yeah rustvideos has got more followers
2018-02-13T17:49:37 #rust-content <booyaa[> okay so is it fair to say our main channels are youtube and community.rs for content?
2018-02-13T17:49:48 #rust-content <skade> yes
2018-02-13T17:50:01 #rust-content <booyaa[> k i'll add that to our readme for reference then
2018-02-13T17:50:05 #rust-content <Manishearth> yes
2018-02-13T17:50:09 #rust-content <skade> and the language blog, even if that has editing ruls
2018-02-13T17:50:11 #rust-content <skade> rules
2018-02-13T17:50:29 #rust-content <skade> TWIR should also be counted as a channel, even if people are not on this team
2018-02-13T17:50:39 #rust-content <booyaa[> should we invite them to join us?
2018-02-13T17:51:14 #rust-content <booyaa[> i took the liberty of inviting wesley who runs readrust, he's in the southern hemisphere so i imagine a lot of our discussion will be async
2018-02-13T17:52:35 #rust-content <skade> or at least if they want to collaborate
2018-02-13T17:54:16 #rust-content <booyaa[> k i will drop twir a note
2018-02-13T17:54:52 #rust-content <booyaa[> next time Rust Planet/Magazine briefing - @skade @wezm @aturon (i'll make this last so we don't go over 30m) + rust anthrology
2018-02-13T17:55:14 #rust-content <booyaa[> did anyone see the discussion thread on the community group email?
2018-02-13T17:55:20 #rust-content <skade> o/
2018-02-13T17:55:47 #rust-content <booyaa[> skade: do you want to tell us your thoughts?
2018-02-13T17:56:08 #rust-content <skade> I really like the idea and would like to try it out, but personally can't invest _too_ much time into this.
2018-02-13T17:56:24 #rust-content <skade> I would really like to see it happen, though.
2018-02-13T17:56:55 #rust-content <booyaa[> is it an over simplification to say that read rust is slowly morphing into planet type aggregator?
2018-02-13T17:57:30 #rust-content <skade> yes, which is different from the magazine approach, though
2018-02-13T17:57:45 #rust-content <skade> still, brand-wise, that may make sense to keep it together
2018-02-13T17:57:50 #rust-content <booyaa[> fyi read rust post categorisation is done manually https://github.com/orgs/rust-community/teams/content-team/discussions/3?from_comment=4#discussion-3-comment-4
2018-02-13T17:58:16 #rust-content <booyaa[> so would the magazine be a print publication (even if it's solely distributed digitally)?
2018-02-13T17:58:44 #rust-content <skade> just digital, collected
2018-02-13T17:59:15 #rust-content <skade> also not too much fluff around it, it should mainly be a vehicle for focusing people on a topic regularly
2018-02-13T17:59:55 #rust-content <booyaa[> i'm trying to find the rust anthrology stuff but failing
2018-02-13T18:00:26 #rust-content <skade> https://github.com/brson/rust-anthology? 
2018-02-13T18:00:31 #rust-content <booyaa[> skade: would it be okay if we elaborated on this (the magazine) for the next meeting? find out what needs to be the first steps, who we need to get involved?
2018-02-13T18:00:44 #rust-content <skade> yep, I'd be fine with that
2018-02-13T18:01:02 #rust-content <booyaa[> excellent, i have to admit i'm rather excited about the whole magazine idea too
2018-02-13T18:01:31 #rust-content <booyaa[> okay that's it for today, i'll add the rust magazine and youtube discussion for next week's agenda
2018-02-13T18:01:35 #rust-content <booyaa[> any other business?
2018-02-13T18:01:57 #rust-content <booyaa[> also please feel free to invite friends who you think might be interested in participating with this sub team
2018-02-13T18:01:58 #rust-content <skade> not that I know of
2018-02-13T18:02:44 #rust-content <booyaa[> k that's it i guess. thanks everyone!
2018-02-13T18:02:50 #rust-content <booyaa[> see you in two weeks time
2018-02-19T09:16:27 #rust-content <booyaa[> thinking about moving us back to #rust-community, i think the team's too small to warrant a separate channel. also feel like we've got a small audience here (requiring more people to join the channel). thoughts?
2018-02-19T11:17:38 #rust-content <skade> booyaa[: I'd keep it to be able to move discussions back over if they become long
2018-02-19T11:17:55 #rust-content <skade> in general, I don't feel community is very noisy, so just having smaller discussions there is great
2018-02-19T12:49:39 #rust-content <booyaa[> good stuff thanks!
2018-02-27T17:32:00 #rust-content <booyaa[> folks we're holding the meeting in #rust-community 
2018-03-13T16:31:29 #rust-content <booyaa[> need to add the bot here too...meetingbot> Content meeting in an hours time (we moved back to #rust-community)! booyaa, manishearth, badboy, skade: ping! *happy bleeping noises*
2018-03-16T07:50:12 #rust-content <booyaa[> /wl
2018-06-03T13:13:37 #rust-content <booyaa> 
2018-09-25T17:16:58 #rust-content <booyaa[> folks just a reminder we're on discord for today's content team meeting: https://github.com/rust-community/content-team/issues/41
2018-10-23T09:59:40 #rust-content <booyaa>           http://bit.ly/2GSLLYA | repo: https://github.com/rust-community/content-team | logs:
